Artificial Intelligence AWS launches frontier agents for security testing and cloud operations by Swami Sivasubramanian on 31 MAR 2026 in Announcements , Artificial Intelligence , Security & Governance , Thought Leadership Permalink Comments Share I’m excited to announce that AWS Security Agent on-demand penetration testing and AWS DevOps Agent are now generally available, representing a new class of AI capabilities we announced at re:Invent called frontier agents. These autonomous systems work independently to achieve goals, scale massively to tackle concurrent tasks, and run persistently for hours or days without constant human oversight. Together, these agents are changing the way we secure and operate software. In preview, customers and partners report that AWS Security Agent compresses penetration testing timelines from weeks to hours and the AWS DevOps Agent supports 3–5x faster incident resolution. Cost-effective multilingual audio transcription at scale with Parakeet-TDT and AWS Batch by Gleb Geinke , Brian Maguire , Justin Leto , and Yusong Wang on 22 APR 2026 in AWS Batch , Compute , High Performance Computing , Technical How-to Permalink Comments Share In this post, we walk through building a scalable, event-driven transcription pipeline that automatically processes audio files uploaded to Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), and show you how to use Amazon EC2 Spot Instances and buffered streaming inference to further reduce costs. Amazon SageMaker AI now supports optimized generative AI inference recommendations by Mona Mona , Dmitry Soldatkin , Lokeshwaran Ravi , Kareem Syed-Mohammed , and Vinay Arora on 22 APR 2026 in Amazon SageMaker , Amazon SageMaker AI , Generative AI Permalink Comments Share Today, Amazon SageMaker AI supports optimized generative AI inference recommendations. By delivering validated, optimal deployment configurations with performance metrics, Amazon SageMaker AI keeps your model developers focused on building accurate models, not managing infrastructure. Get to your first working agent in minutes: Announcing new features in Amazon Bedrock AgentCore by Madhu Parthasarathy on 22 APR 2026 in Amazon Bedrock , Amazon Bedrock AgentCore , Announcements , Artificial Intelligence Permalink Comments Share Today, we’re introducing new capabilities that further streamline the agent building experience, removing the infrastructure barriers that slow teams down at every stage of agent development from the first prototype through production deployment. Company-wise memory in Amazon Bedrock with Amazon Neptune and Mem0 by Shawn Tsai , Ray Wang , and Zhihao Lin on 22 APR 2026 in Amazon Bedrock , Amazon Neptune , Artificial Intelligence Permalink Comments Share Company-wise memory in Amazon Bedrock, powered by Amazon Neptune and Mem0, provides AI agents with persistent, company-specific context—enabling them to learn, adapt, and respond intelligently across multiple interactions. TrendMicro, one of the largest antivirus software companies in the world, developed the Trend’s Companion chatbot, so their customers can explore information through natural, conversational interactions From developer desks to the whole organization: Running Claude Cowork in Amazon Bedrock by Sofian Hamiti , Ayan Ray , and Antonio Rodriguez on 21 APR 2026 in Amazon Bedrock , Announcements , Generative AI Permalink Comments Share Today, we’re excited to announce Claude Cowork in Amazon Bedrock. You can now run Cowork and Claude Code Desktop through Amazon Bedrock, directly or using an LLM gateway. In this post, we walk through how Claude Cowork integrates with Amazon Bedrock and show an example of how knowledge workers use it in practice. End-to-end lineage with DVC and Amazon SageMaker AI MLflow apps by Manuwai Korber , Paolo Di Francesco , Nick McCarthy , and Sandeep Raveesh-Babu on 21 APR 2026 in Amazon SageMaker AI , Technical How-to Permalink Comments Share In this post, we show how to combine DVC (Data Version Control), Amazon SageMaker AI, and Amazon SageMaker AI MLflow Apps to build end-to-end ML model lineage. We walk through two deployable patterns — dataset-level lineage and record-level lineage — that you can run in your own AWS account using the companion notebooks. Accelerate Generative AI Inference on Amazon SageMaker AI with G7e Instances by Hazim Qudah , Dmitry Soldatkin , Venu Kanamatareddy , and Sanghwa Na on 20 APR 2026 in Amazon SageMaker , Amazon SageMaker AI , Artificial Intelligence , Technical How-to Permalink Comments Share Today, we are thrilled to announce the availability of G7e instances powered by NVIDIA RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs on Amazon SageMaker AI. You can provision nodes with 1, 2, 4, and 8 RTX PRO 6000 GPU instances, with each GPU providing 96 GB of GDDR7 memory. This launch provides the capability to use a single-node GPU, G7e.2xlarge instance to host powerful open source foundation models (FMs) like GPT-OSS-120B, Nemotron-3-Super-120B-A12B (NVFP4 variant), and Qwen3.5-35B-A3B, offering organizations a cost-effective and high-performing option. ToolSimulator: scalable tool testing for AI agents by Darren Wang , Smeet Dhakecha , Vinayak Arannil , and Xuan Qi on 20 APR 2026 in Artificial Intelligence , Strands Agents Permalink Comments Share You can use ToolSimulator, an LLM-powered tool simulation framework within Strands Evals, to thoroughly and safely test AI agents that rely on external tools, at scale. Instead of risking live API calls that expose personally identifiable information (PII), trigger unintended actions, or settling for static mocks that break with multi-turn workflows, you can use ToolSimulator’s large language model (LLM)-powered simulations to validate your agents. Available today as part of the Strands Evals Software Development Kit (SDK), ToolSimulator helps you catch integration bugs early, test edge cases comprehensively, and ship production-ready agents with confidence. Omnichannel ordering with Amazon Bedrock AgentCore and Amazon Nova 2 Sonic by Sergio Barraza , Salman Ahmed , and Ravi Kumar on 20 APR 2026 in Amazon API Gateway , Amazon Bedrock , Amazon Bedrock AgentCore , Amazon Cognito , Amazon DynamoDB , Amazon Elastic Container Registry , Amazon Location , Amazon Nova , Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) , Artificial Intelligence , AWS CodeBuild , AWS Lambda , Customer Enablement , Customer Solutions Permalink Comments Share In this post, we’ll show you how to build a complete omnichannel ordering system using Amazon Bedrock AgentCore, an agentic platform, to build, deploy, and operate highly effective AI agents securely at scale using any framework and foundation model and Amazon Nova 2 Sonic. Introducing granular cost attribution for Amazon Bedrock by Ba'Carri Johnson , Ajit Mahareddy , Sofian Hamiti , and Vadim Omeltchenko on 17 APR 2026 in Amazon Bedrock , Announcements , Artificial Intelligence , AWS Cost and Usage Report , AWS Cost Explorer , Best Practices , Billing & Account Management , Foundational (100) , Generative AI* , How-To , Intermediate (200) , Technical How-to Permalink Comments Share In this post, we share how Amazon Bedrock’s granular cost attribution works and walk through example cost tracking scenarios. ← Older posts Skip to Main Content Filter: All English Contact us AWS Marketplace Support My account Search Filter: All Sign in to console Create account AWS Blogs Home Blogs Editions Artificial Intelligence AWS launches frontier agents for security testing and cloud operations by Swami Sivasubramanian on 31 MAR 2026 in Announcements , Artificial Intelligence , Security & Governance , Thought Leadership Permalink Comments Share I’m excited to announce that AWS Security Agent on-demand penetration testing and AWS DevOps Agent are now generally available, representing a new class of AI capabilities we announced at re:Invent called frontier agents. These autonomous systems work independently to achieve goals, scale massively to tackle concurrent tasks, and run persistently for hours or days without constant human oversight. Together, these agents are changing the way we secure and operate software. In preview, customers and partners report that AWS Security Agent compresses penetration testing timelines from weeks to hours and the AWS DevOps Agent supports 3–5x faster incident resolution. Cost-effective multilingual audio transcription at scale with Parakeet-TDT and AWS Batch by Gleb Geinke , Brian Maguire , Justin Leto , and Yusong Wang on 22 APR 2026 in AWS Batch , Compute , High Performance Computing , Technical How-to Permalink Comments Share In this post, we walk through building a scalable, event-driven transcription pipeline that automatically processes audio files uploaded to Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), and show you how to use Amazon EC2 Spot Instances and buffered streaming inference to further reduce costs. Amazon SageMaker AI now supports optimized generative AI inference recommendations by Mona Mona , Dmitry Soldatkin , Lokeshwaran Ravi , Kareem Syed-Mohammed , and Vinay Arora on 22 APR 2026 in Amazon SageMaker , Amazon SageMaker AI , Generative AI Permalink Comments Share Today, Amazon SageMaker AI supports optimized generative AI inference recommendations. By delivering validated, optimal deployment configurations with performance metrics, Amazon SageMaker AI keeps your model developers focused on building accurate models, not managing infrastructure. Get to your first working agent in minutes: Announcing new features in Amazon Bedrock AgentCore by Madhu Parthasarathy on 22 APR 2026 in Amazon Bedrock , Amazon Bedrock AgentCore , Announcements , Artificial Intelligence Permalink Comments Share Today, we’re introducing new capabilities that further streamline the agent building experience, removing the infrastructure barriers that slow teams down at every stage of agent development from the first prototype through production deployment. Company-wise memory in Amazon Bedrock with Amazon Neptune and Mem0 by Shawn Tsai , Ray Wang , and Zhihao Lin on 22 APR 2026 in Amazon Bedrock , Amazon Neptune , Artificial Intelligence Permalink Comments Share Company-wise memory in Amazon Bedrock, powered by Amazon Neptune and Mem0, provides AI agents with persistent, company-specific context—enabling them to learn, adapt, and respond intelligently across multiple interactions. TrendMicro, one of the largest antivirus software companies in the world, developed the Trend’s Companion chatbot, so their customers can explore information through natural, conversational interactions From developer desks to the whole organization: Running Claude Cowork in Amazon Bedrock by Sofian Hamiti , Ayan Ray , and Antonio Rodriguez on 21 APR 2026 in Amazon Bedrock , Announcements , Generative AI Permalink Comments Share Today, we’re excited to announce Claude Cowork in Amazon Bedrock. You can now run Cowork and Claude Code Desktop through Amazon Bedrock, directly or using an LLM gateway. In this post, we walk through how Claude Cowork integrates with Amazon Bedrock and show an example of how knowledge workers use it in practice. End-to-end lineage with DVC and Amazon SageMaker AI MLflow apps by Manuwai Korber , Paolo Di Francesco , Nick McCarthy , and Sandeep Raveesh-Babu on 21 APR 2026 in Amazon SageMaker AI , Technical How-to Permalink Comments Share In this post, we show how to combine DVC (Data Version Control), Amazon SageMaker AI, and Amazon SageMaker AI MLflow Apps to build end-to-end ML model lineage. We walk through two deployable patterns — dataset-level lineage and record-level lineage — that you can run in your own AWS account using the companion notebooks. Accelerate Generative AI Inference on Amazon SageMaker AI with G7e Instances by Hazim Qudah , Dmitry Soldatkin , Venu Kanamatareddy , and Sanghwa Na on 20 APR 2026 in Amazon SageMaker , Amazon SageMaker AI , Artificial Intelligence , Technical How-to Permalink Comments Share Today, we are thrilled to announce the availability of G7e instances powered by NVIDIA RTX PRO 6000 Blackwell Server Edition GPUs on Amazon SageMaker AI. You can provision nodes with 1, 2, 4, and 8 RTX PRO 6000 GPU instances, with each GPU providing 96 GB of GDDR7 memory. This launch provides the capability to use a single-node GPU, G7e.2xlarge instance to host powerful open source foundation models (FMs) like GPT-OSS-120B, Nemotron-3-Super-120B-A12B (NVFP4 variant), and Qwen3.5-35B-A3B, offering organizations a cost-effective and high-performing option. ToolSimulator: scalable tool testing for AI agents by Darren Wang , Smeet Dhakecha , Vinayak Arannil , and Xuan Qi on 20 APR 2026 in Artificial Intelligence , Strands Agents Permalink Comments Share You can use ToolSimulator, an LLM-powered tool simulation framework within Strands Evals, to thoroughly and safely test AI agents that rely on external tools, at scale. Instead of risking live API calls that expose personally identifiable information (PII), trigger unintended actions, or settling for static mocks that break with multi-turn workflows, you can use ToolSimulator’s large language model (LLM)-powered simulations to validate your agents. Available today as part of the Strands Evals Software Development Kit (SDK), ToolSimulator helps you catch integration bugs early, test edge cases comprehensively, and ship production-ready agents with confidence. Omnichannel ordering with Amazon Bedrock AgentCore and Amazon Nova 2 Sonic by Sergio Barraza , Salman Ahmed , and Ravi Kumar on 20 APR 2026 in Amazon API Gateway , Amazon Bedrock , Amazon Bedrock AgentCore , Amazon Cognito , Amazon DynamoDB , Amazon Elastic Container Registry , Amazon Location , Amazon Nova , Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) , Artificial Intelligence , AWS CodeBuild , AWS Lambda , Customer Enablement , Customer Solutions Permalink Comments Share In this post, we’ll show you how to build a complete omnichannel ordering system using Amazon Bedrock AgentCore, an agentic platform, to build, deploy, and operate highly effective AI agents securely at scale using any framework and foundation model and Amazon Nova 2 Sonic. Introducing granular cost attribution for Amazon Bedrock by Ba'Carri Johnson , Ajit Mahareddy , Sofian Hamiti , and Vadim Omeltchenko on 17 APR 2026 in Amazon Bedrock , Announcements , Artificial Intelligence , AWS Cost and Usage Report , AWS Cost Explorer , Best Practices , Billing & Account Management , Foundational (100) , Generative AI* , How-To , Intermediate (200) , Technical How-to Permalink Comments Share In this post, we share how Amazon Bedrock’s granular cost attribution works and walk through example cost tracking scenarios. ← Older posts Create an AWS account Learn What Is AWS? What Is Cloud Computing? What Is Agentic AI? Cloud Computing Concepts Hub AWS Cloud Security What's New Blogs Press Releases Resources Getting Started Training AWS Trust Center AWS Solutions Library Architecture Center Product and Technical FAQs Analyst Reports AWS Partners Developers Builder Center SDKs & Tools .NET on AWS Python on AWS Java on AWS PHP on AWS JavaScript on AWS Help Contact Us File a Support Ticket AWS re:Post Knowledge Center AWS Support Overview Get Expert Help AWS Accessibility Legal English Back to top Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age. x facebook linkedin instagram twitch youtube podcasts email Privacy Site terms Cookie Preferences © 2026, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.