Pricing Empower your team to put AI to work Move from proof of concept into production with our enterprise-ready AI solutions — private, secure, and built to work with your existing systems. Contact sales Explore private deployments Workplace systems Generative models Advanced retrieval models Model Vault Workplace systems Workplace systems Generative models Advanced retrieval models Model Vault North Our all-in-one AI platform built to empower humans, automate tasks, and innovate safely across your enterprise. Get in touch for custom enterprise pricing. Request a demo Intuitive interface Purpose-built generative models Intelligent search AI agents for routine tasks and complex workflows Compass Our intelligent search and discovery system designed to surface insights from across your business. Get in touch for custom enterprise pricing. Request a demo Pre-built data connectors Intelligent search Document parsing Managed index Model Vault Our dedicated platform for customers to run Cohere models securely, at scale, and with guaranteed performance. Pricing is determined per instance based on the selected model and its performance tier. Billing can be calculated hourly or through longer-term commitments (monthly or annual). Model Performance Tier Hourly rate per instance Monthly rate per instance Embed 4 Small $4.00 $2,500 Embed 4 Medium $5.00 $3,250 Rerank 3.5 Medium $5.00 $3,250 Rerank 4 Fast Medium $5.00 $3,250 Rerank 4 Pro Medium $5.00 $3,250 Frequently asked questions How do I inquire about model customization and private deployment? Cohere supports bespoke model customization for our enterprise customers along with private deployment of all our products. Custom pricing is based on your enterprise needs. Learn more about customization here and private deployment here . How do I get a Trial API key? When an account is created, we automatically create an Trial API key for you. This API key will be available on the dashboard for you to copy, as well as in the dashboard section called “API Keys.” How do I get a Production API key? To get a Production key, you&#x27;ll need to have Owner privileges (or ask your organization Owner to complete the following steps). Navigate to the Billing and Usage page in your Cohere dashboard. Click on the Get Your Production key button and fill out the Go to Production workflow. What’s the difference between a Trial API key and Production API key? API calls made from a Trial API key are free. However, trial keys are rate limited and are not permitted to be used for production or commercial purposes. API calls made from a Production API key will be charged on a pay-as-you-go basis. Production API keys are designed for production use at scale. Are there any account limitations upon signup? Every account begins as a personal account and only has access to Trial API keys. As a personal account, you will not be able to add other members until you become part of an organization. What’s the difference between an organization and a personal account? At Cohere, an organization is a group of personal accounts that share a singular billing portal. Organizations are not automatically given Production API key access, and a member of the organization must still fill out our application form for production access. Personal accounts cannot share billing information with other accounts. Which model should I pick? Your model selection reflects your relative prioritization of model performance and speed. Larger models offer better performance and are capable of more complex tasks, while smaller models have faster response times. When do I get billed? API calls made from a Trial API key will be free. API calls made from a Production key will be billed on a pay-as-you-go basis. Your bill will be issued at the end of every calendar month or when you reach $250 in outstanding balances. The endpoint I’m using is billed by token. What is a token? Language models understand “tokens” rather than characters or bytes. The number of tokens per word depends on the complexity of the text. Simple text may approach 1 token per word on average, while complex texts may use less common words that require 3-4 tokens per word on average. For more details on tokens, refer to this page . Where do I find pricing for our legacy models? For existing customers: Command pricing is $1.00/1M tokens for input and $2.00/1M tokens for output Command-light pricing is $0.30/1M tokens for input and $0.60/1M tokens for output Command R 03-2024 pricing is $0.50/1M tokens for input and $1.50/1M tokens for output Command R+ 04-2024 pricing is $3.00/1M tokens for input and $15.00/1M tokens for output Command R+ 08-2024 pricing is $2.50/1M tokens for input and $10.00/1M tokens for output What is the cost for accessing the research Aya models via the API? Aya Expanse models (8B and 32B) on the API are charged at $0.50/1M tokens for input and $1.50/1M tokens for output. Find more information about the Aya models here . How is a “search” defined for Rerank pricing? A single search unit is defined as one query with up to 100 documents to be ranked. If any document exceeds 500 tokens (including the length of the search query), it is automatically split into multiple chunks. Each chunk is treated as an individual document and counts toward the total number of documents ranked for that search. This ensures consistent performance and accurate pricing when working with longer documents. Why enterprises and innovators choose Cohere “With Cohere&#x27;s latest highly secure enterprise LLMs, we aim to provide businesses with powerful and adaptable AI solutions that address specific needs and accelerate the adoption of generative AI globally.” — Vivek Mahajan, Corporate Vice President, CTO and CPO Read more “With Cohere&#x27;s latest highly secure enterprise LLMs, we aim to provide businesses with powerful and adaptable AI solutions that address specific needs and accelerate the adoption of generative AI globally.” — Vivek Mahajan, Corporate Vice President, CTO and CPO Read more Ready to put AI to work? Request a demo and see how Cohere&#x27;s secure and private AI platform can unlock productivity for your business. See how Cohere&#x27;s AI models can accommodate your specific enterprise use cases Determine the best deployment options for your enterprise Learn how Cohere can swiftly move AI into production