零一万物-AI2.0大模型技术和应用的全球公司（01.AI） Home Newsroom Yi Foundation Models About Us Join Us … Home Newsroom Yi Foundation Models About Us Join Us CN Home Newsroom Yi Foundation Models About Us Join Us … Home Newsroom Yi Foundation Models About Us Join Us CN WorldWise Enterprise LLM Platform Enterprise AI Agent Tailored Solutions Learn more Try now Make AI Work Newsroom 01.AI Updates WorldWise Enterprise LLM Platform 2.5, Marking 2026 as the Critical Year of Multi-Agent System Enterprise Deployment. Learn more &gt; Dr. Kai-Fu Lee’s approach to tackle the enterprise AI market: I am personally working with CEOs. Learn more &gt; 01.AI Co-founder Jeffrey Ma Presents at Yabuli China Entrepreneurs Forum. Learn more &gt; Kazakhstan President Tokayev meets with Kai-Fu Lee, CEO of 01.AI. Learn more &gt; 01.AI Launches “Super Employee”: Enterprise AI Agent Enters the Era of Business Value Delivery Learn more &gt; Dr. Kai-Fu Lee has been reappointed to the HongKong Chief Executive's Council of Advisers. Learn more &gt; 01.AI Co-Founder Sandy Shen: GenAI’s Needs “CEO-Level” Executive Strategy to Cross Six Chasms to the Next Phase. Learn more &gt; 01.AI's LLM One-box Solution Machine Receives Top-Level Certification from CAICT. Learn more &gt; People's Daily Exclusive Interview with Kai-Fu Lee: Look forward to 2025 as the year where Chinese AI apps blossom. Learn more &gt; Yi-Lightning Global SOTA Mixture-of-Experts LLM Yi Open-source Learn more About 01.AI Our vision: Make AGI Accessible and Beneficial to Everyone. 01.AI vision: AI will effectively enhance human productivity, hence creating significant economic and societal values, realizing 01.AI's aspiration of "Human + AI" that technology empowers and amplifies our humankind. We hope to be able to contribute to this new AI 2.0 ecosystem. Commercial License ｜ Tech Blog ｜ Join Us ｜ Business Partnership ｜ Media Inquiry The team behind 01.AI firmly believes that the new AI 2.0 driven by foundation model breakthrough is revolutionizing technology, platforms, and applications at all levels. We predict that AI 2.0 will create a platform opportunity ten times larger than the mobile internet, rewriting all software and user interfaces. This trend will give rise to the next wave of AI-first applications and AI-empowered business models, fostering AI 2.0 innovations over time. 01.AI © Copyright 2024 零一万物-AI2.0大模型技术和应用的全球公司（01.AI） 零一万物致力于成为一家由技术愿景驱动、拥有卓越中国工程底蕴的创新企业，推动以基座大模型为突破的AI 2.0掀起技术、平台到应用多个层面的革命。 https://user-assets.sxlcdn.com/images/987821/FrlX5hBJzYiI62PNP5FUKt8y5n4Y.png?imageMogr2/strip/auto-orient/thumbnail/1200x630&gt;/format/png Cookie的使用 我们使用cookies来确保流畅的浏览体验。若继续，我们认为你接受使用cookies。 确认 了解更多